SO, I'LL GET CANDLES
AND MY MOM'S
LACE TABLECLOTH.
SINCE IT'S
RACHEL'S BIRTHDAY
AND WE WANT IT
TO BE SPECIAL
I THOUGHT I'D
POACH A SALMON.
( all groan )
WHAT?
QUESTION: WHY DO WE ALWAYS
HAVE PARTIES
WHERE YOU POACH THINGS?
YOU WANT TO BE IN CHARGE
OF THE FOOD COMMITTEE?
QUESTION TWO: WHY DO WE ALWAYS
HAVE PARTIES WITH COMMITTEES?
Joey:
YEAH, REALLY.
WHY CAN'T WE
JUST GET SOME PIZZAS
AND BEER AND HAVE FUN?
YEAH, I AGREE.
I THINK
FANCY PARTIES
ARE ONLY FUN
IF YOU'RE FANCY
ON THE INSIDE
AND I'M JUST
NOT SURE WE ARE.
ALL RIGHT.
YOU GUYS DON'T WANT IT
TO BE SPECIAL.
JOEY, THEY'RE NOT REAL.
HUH? WHAT?
I START MILES BENEATH
THE SURFACE OF THESE THINGS.
THEY'RE FAKE.
SEE? HONK, HONK.
WOW, IT'S...
IT'S LIKE PORNO
FOR CLOWNS.
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ WHEN IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY,
YOUR WEEK
♪ YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN
STARTS TO POUR ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME TOO. ♪
I TALKED TO
RACHEL'S SISTERS.
NEITHER OF THEM
CAN COME.
OKAY. SO I STILL
HAVE TO INVITE DYLAN
AND EMMA
AND SHANNON COOPER.
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA.
UH, NO SHANNON COOPER.
WHY NOT HER?
'CAUSE SHE, UH...
SHE STEALS STUFF.
OR MAYBE SHE DOESN'T STEAL STUFF
AND JOEY JUST SLEPT WITH HER
AND NEVER
CALLED HER BACK.
JOEY, THAT IS HORRIBLE.
HEY, I LIKED HER, ALL RIGHT?
MAYBE TOO MUCH.
I DON'T KNOW. I...
GUESS I JUST GOT SCARED.
OH, MY GOD.
I'M SORRY.
I DIDN'T KNOW.
I DIDN'T THINK ANYONE
WOULD BUY THAT. OKAY.
HI, HONEY.
HOW DID IT GO?
OH, IT WAS THE GRADUATION
FROM HELL.
MY COUSIN
WENT TO HELL
ON A FOOTBALL
SCHOLARSHIP.
Rachel:
YOU KNOW, I MEAN
THIS IS SUPPOSED TO BE
A JOYOUS OCCASION.
MY SISTER'S GRADUATING
FROM COLLEGE
NOBODY THOUGHT SHE WOULD.
IT'S A TRUE TESTAMENT
TO WHAT A GIRL FROM LONG ISLAND
WOULD DO
FOR A CELICA.
SO WHAT HAPPENED?
MY PARENTS HAPPENED.
ALL THEY HAD TO DO
WAS SIT IN THE SAME STADIUM
SMILE PROUDLY
AND NOT TALK ABOUT THE DIVORCE
BUT NO-O-O-O.
THEY GOT INTO A HUGE FIGHT
IN THE MIDDLE
OF THE COMMENCEMENT ADDRESS.
BISHOP TUTU ACTUALLY HAD TO STOP
AND SHUSH THEM.
BUT YOU KNOW WHAT?
YOU KNOW WHAT THE GOOD NEWS IS?
I GET TO SERVE COFFEE
FOR THE NEXT EIGHT HOURS.
OKAY, SO I GUESS
WE DON'T INVITE
HER PARENTS.
WELL, HOW ABOUT
JUST HER MOM?
WHY HER MOM?
'CAUSE I ALREADY
INVITED HER.
OOH, OOH, DID YOU
ASK STACEY ROTH?
OH, CAN'T INVITE HER.
SHE ALSO STEALS.
OKAY, HERE ARE
THE BIRTHDAY CANDLES.
WHERE'S THE BIRTHDAY CAKE?
WE'RE NOT HAVING
BIRTHDAY CAKE.
WE'RE HAVING BIRTHDAY FLAN.
EXCUSE ME?
A TRADITIONAL
MEXICAN CUSTARD DESSERT.
OH, THAT'S NICE.
"HAPPY BIRTHDAY,
RACHEL.
HERE'S SOME GOO."
( knocking )
DR. GREEN.
OH, MY GOD, IT'S
RACHEL'S DAD.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
WHAT, THE FATHER CAN'T SEE
THE DAUGHTER
ON HER BIRTHDAY?
NO, NO. THE FATHER CAN.
BUT, UM...
SINCE I AM THE ROOMMATE
I CAN TELL YOU
THAT SHE'S NOT HERE
AND I'LL PASS ALONG
THE MESSAGE, OKAY?
SO BYE-BYE.
OH! YOU'RE HAVING A PAR-TY.
NO, NO, NOT A PARTY.
JUST A SURPRISE GATHERING
OF SOME PEOPLE RACHEL KNOWS.
THIS IS PHOEBE
AND CHANDLER AND JOEY.
I'LL NEVER REMEMBER
ALL OF THAT.
SO, UH... WHAT'S THE DEAL?
RACHEL COMES HOME
PEOPLE POP OUT
AND YELL STUFF?
IS THAT IT?
THIS ISN'T YOUR FIRST
SURPRISE PARTY, IS IT, SIR?
( knocking )
HI, MONICA.
CHINESE MENU GUY.
FORGOT THE MENUS.
SO, BASICALLY,
JUST A CHINESE GUY.
( knocking )
UH, HEY, DR. GREEN,
WHY DON'T YOU COME WITH ME.
WE'LL PUT YOUR JACKET
ON RACHEL'S BED.
ALL RIGHT.
THAT SOUNDS LIKE
A TWO-PERSON JOB.
WELL, MY GOODNESS,
WHAT WAS THAT?
SANDRA, I
AM SO SORRY.
I THOUGHT YOU
WERE RACHEL
AND WE JUST WEREN'T
READY FOR YOU YET.
YOU THOUGHT I WAS RACHEL?
YES, BECAUSE YOU LOOK SO YOUNG.
AND BECAUSE YOU'RE BOTH,
YOU KNOW, WHITE WOMEN.
OH, I MISSED YOU KIDS.
WELL, SHOULD I PUT MY COAT
IN THE BEDROOM?
NO!
NO, I'LL TAKE
THAT FOR YOU.
OH, WELL, THANK YOU.
SUCH A GENTLEMAN.
THANK YOU.
OH...
IT ALL LOOKS SO NICE.
SO FESTIVE,
ALL THE BALLOONS.
OH, THE FUNNIEST THING HAPPENED
TO ME ON THE WAY HERE.
I WAS DRI...
( laughing ):
THAT'S GREAT.
I CAN'T WAIT
TO HEAR THE REST OF IT
BUT I REALLY HAVE TO GO
TO THE BATHROOM, SO...
HEY, COME WITH ME.
WHAT?
IT'LL BE LIKE
WE'RE GAL PALS
LIKE AT A RESTAURANT.
OH, IT'LL BE FUN.
COME ON,
COME ON.
OH, MY GOD, OH, MY GOD,
OH, MY GOD.
OKAY, THINK.
THINK.
WHAT WOULD JACK
AND CHRISSY DO?
OKAY, NOW THAT YOUR COAT
IS SAFELY
IN THE BED...
OKAY, WE CAN COME BACK OUT
IN THE LIVING ROOM.
Monica:
SO, JOEY AND CHANDLER
IT'S TIME THAT YOU TAKE
DR. GREEN OVER TO YOUR PLACE.
UH, YES. ABSOLUTELY.
UM...
WHY AGAIN?
BECAUSE THAT'S WHERE
THE PARTY IS, YOU GOON.
THIS IS JUST THE STAGING AREA.
IT'S THE
STAGING AREA.
THIS MORE THAN
ANYTHING ELSE
IS THE STAGING AREA.
THIS IS CLEARLY
IN THE WRONG APARTMENT.
ALL RIGHT, YOU GUYS ARE OFF
TO PARTY NUMBER ONE.
AND YOU... OOH, YOU--
ARE OFF TO PARTY NUMBER TWO.
ALL RIGHT, FELLAS,
LET'S KEEP IT MOVING.
Monica:
CHANDLER,
COULD YOU
AT LEAST SEND SOME WOMEN
TO MY PARTY?
( buzzer ringing )
OKAY, THAT'S ROSS.
ALL RIGHT.
OKAY, THEY'RE
COMING. SHH!
OH... THANK YOU
FOR SUCH A WONDERFUL DINNER.
THANKS FOR BEING BORN.
OH... THANK YOU
FOR MY BEAUTIFUL EARRINGS.
THEY'RE PERFECT.
OH...
I LOVE YOU.
OH... NOW, YOU CAN
EXCHANGE THEM
IF YOU WANT, OKAY?
NOW I LOVE YOU
EVEN MORE.
All:
SURPRISE!
OH, MY GOSH!
WOW!
MONICA...
OH, MY GOD!
MOM!
THIS IS SO GREAT!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY,
SWEETIE.
WOW, YOU...
YOU!
I HAD NO IDEA.
REALLY?
NO, I KNEW.
ALL RIGHT.
THERE'S FOOD AND DRINKS
ON THE TABLE.
GO ACROSS THE HALL.
WHAT?
JOEY AND CHANDLER'S.
WHY?
JUST GO.
All:
SURPRISE!
( laughing )
( gasps )
HAPPY BIRTHDAY, SWEET PEA.
DADDY!
( strained laughter )
BOTH OF THEM ARE HERE?!
BOTH OF THEM?!
WELL, WE COULD
COUNT AGAIN.
OH, GOD. I CAN'T BELIEVE
THIS IS HAPPENING.
THIS IS RIDICULOUS.
THIS IS YOUR BIRTHDAY,
THIS IS YOUR PARTY.
I SAY WE JUST
PUT THEM ALL TOGETHER
AND IF THEY CAN'T DEAL
WITH IT, WHO CARES?
I DO!
THAT'S WHO.
LOOK, ARE YOU GOING
TO BE OKAY?
WELL, I HAVE TO BE.
I DON'T REALLY HAVE
A CHOICE.
I COULD LOOK
AT THE BRIGHT SIDE.
I GET TWO BIRTHDAY PARTIES
AND TWO BIRTHDAY CAKES.
WELL, ACTUALLY...
JUST ONE BIRTHDAY FLAN.
WHAT?
IT'S A TRADITIONAL
MEXICAN CUSTARD DESSERT.
LOOK, TALK TO MONICA.
SHE'S ON
THE FOOD COMMITTEE.
I CAN'T...
JOE! JOE!
HEY, SOME GIRL
JUST WALKED UP TO ME
AND SAID,
"I WANT YOU, DENNIS"
AND STUCK HER TONGUE
DOWN MY THROAT.
I LOVE THIS PARTY.
NICE!
QUICK VOLLEYBALL
QUESTION.
VOLLEYBALL.
YEAH, WE SET UP
A COURT IN YOUR ROOM.
UH, YOU DIDN'T REALLY LIKE
THAT GRAY LAMP, DID YOU?
JOEY, A WOMAN JUST STUCK
HER TONGUE DOWN MY THROAT.
I'M NOT EVEN
LISTENING TO YOU.
Woman:
DENNIS!
OKAY, THAT'S ME.
HONEY, CAN YOU
KEEP DAD OCCUPIED?
I'M GOING TO GO TALK
TO MOM FOR A WHILE.
OKAY, DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEAS
FOR ANY OPENERS?
UH, LET'S JUST STAY CLEAR
OF "I'M THE GUY
THAT'S DOING YOUR DAUGHTER"
AND YOU SHOULD BE OKAY.
RIGHT.
OKAY, PEOPLE, I WANT YOU
TO TAKE A PIECE OF PAPER--
HERE YOU GO--
AND WRITE DOWN YOUR MOST
EMBARRASSING MEMORY
AND I DO ASK THAT WHEN YOU'RE
NOT USING THE MARKERS
YOU PUT THE CAPS BACK ON THEM
BECAUSE THEY WILL DRY OUT.
HI, DR. GREEN.
SO... HOW'S EVERYTHING
IN THE VASCULAR SURGERY...
GAME?
IT'S NOT A GAME, ROSS.
A WOMAN DIED ON MY TABLE TODAY.
I'M SORRY.
SEE, THAT'S THE GOOD
THING ABOUT MY JOB.
ALL THE DINOSAURS
ON MY TABLE
ARE ALREADY DEAD.
LISTEN, YOU GUYS
I DON'T MEAN TO BE
A PAIN ABOUT THIS
BUT I'VE NOTICED
THAT SOME OF YOU
ARE JUST PLACING
THEM ON.
YOU WANT TO PUSH THE CAPS...
UNTIL YOU HEAR THEM CLICK.
( clicking )
GUNTHER?
WHERE YOU GOING?
I WAS SORT
OF THINKING ABOUT MAYBE...
NO! NO, YOU CAN'T GO!
NO, THIS IS FUN.
COME ON. WE'RE JUST
GETTING STARTED.
HERE.
HERE'S YOUR MARKER.
LISTEN, IF YOU
WANT TO GO, JUST GO.
NO. SHE'LL YELL
AT ME AGAIN.
ALL RIGHT.
I CAN GET YOU OUT.
WHAT?
SHH.
IN A MINUTE, I'M GOING
TO CREATE A DIVERSION.
WHEN I DO, WALK QUICKLY
TO THE DOOR
AND DON'T LOOK BACK.
I THINK I NEED
A DRINK.
I'LL GET IT FOR YOU.
WHAT DO YOU WANT?
SCOTCH.
ALL RIGHT, I'LL BE BACK
IN TEN SECONDS
WITH YOUR SCOTCH
ON THE ROCKS IN A GLASS.
NEAT.
COOL.
NO, NO, NO.
"NEAT," AS IN "NO ROCKS."
I KNOW.
OH, HELLO, ROSS.
NOW, WHERE HAVE
YOU BEEN?
HI.
I HAVE BEEN
IN THE BATHROOM.
STAY CLEAR
OF THE SALMON MOUSSE.
OH... SCOTCH, NEAT.
YOU KNOW, THAT'S RACHEL'S
FATHER'S DRINK.
WHOA. MINE TOO.
ISN'T THAT NEAT?
SCOTCH NEAT.
WOULD YOU EXCUSE ME?
HEY-EY. HEY.
WHERE ARE YOU
SNEAKING OFF TO, MISTER?
I'M GETTING MY CIGARETTES
OUT OF MY JACKET.
NO, NO.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN, "NO?"
NO. UM, SEE, 'CAUSE...
THAT'S THE STAGING AREA.
YOU GO IN THERE,
IT'LL RUIN
THE WHOLE ILLUSION
OF THE PARTY.
YEAH.
I THINK YOU TAKE
YOUR SCOTCH BACK IN THERE
AND I WILL GET YOUR
CIGARETTES FOR YOU, SIR.
AND GET
MY GLASSES TOO.
ALL RIGHTY-ROO.
WHAT A GREAT MOMENT TO SAY THAT
FOR THE FIRST TIME.
OKAY, AND THE
FIRST PERSON'S
MOST EMBARRASSING
MEMORY IS:
"MONICA, YOUR PARTY SUCKS."
ALL RIGHT.
VERY FUNNY.
OH, NO! OOH, OOH.
DID SOMEONE FORGET
TO USE A COASTER?
WHAT?!
I DON'T SEE ANYTHING.
GREAT! I'M SEEING
WATER RINGS AGAIN.
ROSS... WHOSE GLASSES
ARE THOSE?
MINE.
YOU WEAR BIFOCALS?
MM-HMM.
I HAVE A CONDITION...
APPARENTLY
THAT I REQUIRE
TWO DIFFERENT SETS
OF FOCALS.
DO YOU KNOW MY HUSBAND
HAS GLASSES
JUST LIKE THAT?
WELL, THOSE ARE
VERY POPULAR FRAMES.
NEIL SEDAKA WEARS THEM.
I HEAR YOU CAN GET
PEOPLE OUT OF HERE.
RACHEL?
YEAH?
YOU DIDN'T TELL ME
YOUR BOYFRIEND SMOKES.
YEAH,
LIKE A CHIMNEY.
OH, BIG SMOKER.
BIG, BIG SMOKER.
IN FACT, I'M GOING TO GO
OUT INTO THE HALLWAY
AND FIRE UP THIS BAD BOY.
ARE YOU WEARING
MY GLASSES?
YES.
I WAS JUST WARMING UP
THE EARPIECES FOR YOU.
THANK YOU.
IS THAT ONE
OF MY CIGARETTES?
YEAH.
YES, IT IS.
I WAS JUST
MOISTENING THE TIP.
OKAY, SHE'S TAKING
THE TRASH OUT
SO I CAN GET YOU
OUT OF HERE
BUT IT HAS TO BE NOW.
SHE'LL BE BACK
ANY MINUTE.
WHAT ABOUT
MY FRIEND, VICTOR?
NOPE. ONLY THE THREE OF YOU.
ANY MORE THAN THAT,
SHE'LL GET SUSPICIOUS.
LET ME JUST GET
MY COAT.
THERE ISN'T TIME.
YOU MUST LEAVE EVERYTHING.
THEY'LL TAKE CARE OF YOU
NEXT DOOR.
IS IT TRUE
THEY HAVE BEER?
EVERYTHING YOU'VE HEARD
IS TRUE.
COULD YOU GUYS
PLEASE TRY
TO KEEP IT DOWN?
WE'RE TRYING TO START
A BOGGLE TOURNAMENT.
YOU!
AND YOU!
YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO BE
AT MY PARTY!
AND GUNTHER!
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
UM...
OKAY, WELCOME TO THE FUN...
PHOEBE.
ALL RIGHT, I'M SORRY
BUT THESE PEOPLE
NEEDED ME.
THEY WORK HARD ALL WEEK.
IT'S SATURDAY NIGHT.
THEY DESERVE TO HAVE
A LITTLE FUN. GO!
YOU KNOW,
MY PARTY IS FUN.
MAYBE IT'S A LITTLE QUIETER,
LESS OBVIOUS SORT OF FUN
BUT IF PEOPLE WOULD JUST
GIVE IT A CHANCE, IT'S...
YOU WANT ME
TO SEE A THERAPIST?
SWEETHEART, YOU OBVIOUSLY
HAVE A PROBLEM.
YOU'VE CHOSEN A BOYFRIEND
EXACTLY LIKE YOUR FATHER.
OKAY, MOM.
YOU KNOW WHAT? FINE.
I'LL MAKE AN APPOINTMENT
BUT, YOU KNOW WHAT?
RIGHT NOW I GOT TO GO...
I GOT TO GO DO A THING.
DID YOU KNOW
YOUR MOTHER SPENT
$1,200 ON BONSAI TREES?
I FELT LIKE GULLIVER
AROUND THAT PLACE.
OH, DADDY, I REALLY WANT
TO HEAR MORE ABOUT THIS
I REALLY DO,
BUT I JUST HAVE TO...
I JUST HAVE TO DO
SOME... SOME STUFF.
YOU WORK AND YOU WORK
AND YOU WORK AT A MARRIAGE
BUT ALL HE CARES ABOUT
IS HIS STUPID BOAT.
YOU WORK AND YOU WORK
AND YOU WORK ON A BOAT...
HE ALWAYS RIDICULED
MY POTTERY CLASSES...
AND YOU SAND IT
AND YOUR VARNISH IT...
BUT WHEN ALL
IS SAID AND DONE
HE STILL DRINKS OUT OF THE MUGS.
ONE NIGHT,
FROM HER YOGA
AND HER BRIDGES
OF MADISON COUNTY...
THE SCOTCH,
THE CIGARETTES...
THE BONSAIS
AND THE CHIHUAHUA...
I MAY HAVE ONLY
BEEN IN THERAPY
FOR THREE WEEKS NOW,
DEAR, BUT...
WHAT THE HELL
DOES SHE WANT
WITH HALF A BOAT?
OKAY, OKAY, OKAY.
YOU CAN BE SHIRTS
AND I'LL BE SKINS.
I'LL BE SKINS!
( sighing )
HEY.
HOW YOU HOLDING UP,
THERE, TIGER?
OH.
SORRY. WHEN MY PARENTS
WERE GETTING DIVORCED
I GOT A LOT OF "TIGERS."
GOT A LOT OF "CHAMPS,"
"CHIEFS," "SPORTS."
I EVEN GOT A "GOVERNOR."
THIS IS IT, ISN'T IT?
I MEAN, THIS IS WHAT
MY LIFE'S
GOING TO BE LIKE.
MY MOM THERE,
MY DAD THERE.
THANKSGIVING, CHRISTMAS.
SHE GETS THE HOUSE
HE'S IN SOME CONDO
MY SISTER'S GOING
TO DECORATE WITH WICKER.
OH, CHANDLER, HOW DID YOU
GET THROUGH THIS?
WELL, I RELIED
ON A CAREFULLY REGIMENTED
PROGRAM OF DENIAL...
AND WETTING THE BED.
YOU KNOW, I JUST...
IT'S SO WEIRD.
I WAS IN THERE
JUST LISTENING TO THEM
BITCH ABOUT EACH OTHER.
ALL I KEPT THINKING ABOUT
WAS THE FOURTH OF JULY.
BECAUSE IT REMINDED YOU
OF THE WAY
OUR FOREFATHERS USED
TO BITCH AT EACH OTHER?
IT'S JUST THIS THING.
EVERY YEAR, WE WOULD GO OUT
ON MY DAD'S BOAT
AND WATCH THE FIREWORKS.
MOM ALWAYS HATED IT
BECAUSE THE OCEAN AIR
MADE HER HAIR ALL BIG
MY SISTER, JILL, WOULD BE
THROWING UP OVER THE SIDE
AND MY DAD WOULD BE UPSET
BECAUSE NOBODY WAS HELPING
AND THEN WHEN WE DID HELP
HE WOULD SCREAM AT US
FOR DOING IT WRONG...
( sighing )
BUT THEN WHEN
THE FIREWORKS STARTED
EVERYBODY JUST SHUT UP.
YOU KNOW?
AND IT'D GET REALLY COLD
AND WE WOULD ALL JUST SORT
OF SMUSH UNDER THIS ONE BLANKET.
IT NEVER OCCURRED TO ANYBODY
TO BRING ANOTHER ONE.
AND NOW, IT'S...
YEAH, I-I KNOW.
Monica:
HEY, THANKS FOR COMING.
I HOPE YOU GUYS HAD FUN.
ALL RIGHT, MONICA, DEAR,
I'M GOING TO HIT THE ROAD.
NOW, I'VE LEFT MY TEN VERBS
ON THE TABLE.
YOU BE SURE AND SEND ME
THAT FINISHED POEM.
OKAY. WILL DO.
I'M SO GLAD YOU CAME.
I THINK I SAW RACHEL
OUT IN THE HALL?
LET ME GO CHECK.
ALL RIGHT.
YOUR MOM WANTS
TO SAY GOOD-BYE.
OH, OKAY.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY,
SWEETIE.
OKAY.
UH... YOU DRIVE SAFE.
ROSS, WHAT ARE
YOU DOING?
I'M GETTING READY
FOR THE WATER... SKIING.
BIG HUG.
ONE MORE BIG HUG. COME ON.
ALL RIGHT,
DARLING.
HOW ARE YOU?
DR. GREEN,
WHERE YOU GOING?
TO GET MY COAT.
NO, NO, NO!
I'LL GET THAT!
ALL RIGHT! ALL RIGHT!
I CAN GET MY OWN COAT!
( cheering and whooping )
SORRY. WE'RE ON
A MAJOR FLAN HIGH.
OH, NO.
NO, YOU'RE NOT
SUPPOSED TO BE HERE.
THIS IS THE STAGING AREA.
IT'S ALL WRONG.
YOU SHOULD LEAVE.
YOU KNOW, JUST...
GET OUT.
( happy yelling )
OR PERHAPS YOU'D LIKE
A CREME DE MENTHE.
I HAVE TO BE HEADING
TOWARD MY CHATEAU.
THANK YOU.
THEN I GUESS
WE'RE GOING
( loudly ):
BACK INTO THE HALLWAY.
THANKS FOR COMING,
MRS. GREEN.
OKAY.
YOU TAKE CARE.
OH, YOU KIDS!
( giggles )
WELL...
THIS IS THE BEST PARTY
I'VE BEEN TO IN YEARS.
THANK YOU!
Monica:
OKAY, EVERYBODY,
IT'S TIME FOR FLAN.
Chandler:
YEP. GET READY
FOR THE GELATINOUS FUN.
Joey:
KIND OF LOOKS LIKE
THAT STUFF YOU GET
WHEN YOU GET
A BAD INFECTION.
( groaning )
OKAY, THAT'S ENOUGH.
Phoebe:
OKAY, RACHEL, MAKE
A SPECIAL FLAN WISH.
Rachel:
OKAY, I'VE GOT ONE.
( cheering )
Chandler:
HEADS UP!
Rachel:
WOW! THOSE THINGS
ALMOST NEVER COME TRUE.
[Captioned by
The Caption Center
WGBH Educational Foundation]